docs(relnotes): FX118 release notes for offset-path: url() (#29128)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/experimental_features/index.md

  </tbody>
</table>

### url() function in offset-path property

> The CSS {{cssxref("offset-path")}} property can be used to specify the ID of an SVG shape element using `<url()>` to create the path shape. For more details, see [Firefox bug 1598158](https://bugzil.la/1598158).

Reviewer: This isn't quite right - url specifies the id (not offset-path), and this doesn't have to be an ID though usually will be.

```suggestion
The CSS {{cssxref("offset-path")}} property now supports using [`url()>`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/url) to get the definition of the path that the element will follow ([Firefox bug 1598158](https://bugzil.la/1598158)).
```

Author: From what I understand based on the [code](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/wpt/blob/master/css/motion/offset-path-url-001.html) and [spec](https://drafts.fxtf.org/motion/#valdef-offset-path-url), while the parameter for `url()` function can be an absolute or relative URL and so on, in the case of `offset-path`, `url()` is used to specify the ID of an SVG shape. This is also what I am documenting via the new example ([content PR](https://pr29141.content.dev.mdn.mozit.cloud/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/offset-path#creating_an_offset-path_using_url)).

The link I would provide here for `url()` would be to this value's description on `offset-path` property page. (the `url()` value on that page in turn links to the url function page /en-US/docs/Web/CSS/url).

> This isn't quite right - url specifies the id (not offset-path)

I've accepted part of your suggestion to make this clearer but I've also tweaked the text a bit more: https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/29128/files/5cca41db41e808af5d7ab739f92ba5d267ce0c18..7779ca903d51a866bf5c5aacd91bee339a5200bd

Reviewer 2: I can confirm what @dipikabh is saying - I did a little investigating and confusingly enough the `url()` function in this instance only seems to accept an svg elements id. It could be they intend to support _actual_ urls in the future, but not the case today 👍

> The CSS {{cssxref("offset-path")}} property now supports using [`url()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/offset-path#url) to specify the ID of an SVG shape element. The referenced shape is used to define the shape of the path that an element will follow ([Firefox bug 1598158](https://bugzil.la/1598158)).

Reviewer: Yes, this removes the ambiguity of the previous version. Just to my taste.
Minor improvement to my taste.
```suggestion
The CSS {{cssxref("offset-path")}} property now supports using [`url()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/offset-path#url) to specify the ID of an SVG shape element. The referenced shape defines the shape of the path that an element will follow ([Firefox bug 1598158](https://bugzil.la/1598158)).
```
